Document full text search and how to select products for voucher type specific products (#1560)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/products/api.mdx

The [`products`](api-reference/products/queries/products.mdx) query gives the ability to filter the results. Use the optional [`filter`](api-reference/products/inputs/product-filter-input.mdx) argument. Some of the filters that are available here are:

> - `search: String`: search by name or part of the description using built-in full-text search. For advanced capabilities, use the [Saleor Search App](/developer/app-store/apps/search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
For advanced search capabilities, explore the [Saleor Search App](/developer/app-store/apps/search).
:::

- `search: String`: search by name or part of the description using built-in full-text search. 
```
